Move donation link (#1380)
metasearch-lab/searx: searx/infopage/en/donate.md

# Donate to searxng.org

> You can support the developpers of SearXNG following this [link](https://docs.searxng.org/donate.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can support the SearXNG project by clicking on the donation page: [https://docs.searxng.org/donate.html](https://docs.searxng.org/donate.html)
```
